Linux - Workouts 1 - 3 Improvements (#2096)
enkidevs/curriculum: linux/user-and-file-management/manipulating-environment-variables/adding-directories-to-your-path.md

category: must-know

tags:
  - path
  - linux
  - terminal
  - bash
  - bashrc
  - export
  - introduction

---

# Adding Directories to `PATH`

---
## Content

> To do this, edit the `.bashrc` file in the home directory and append the following line (chaining the existing path additions):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do this, edit the `.bashrc` file in the home directory and append the following line (chaining the existing `PATH` at the end):
```

```bash
export PATH=/path/to/dir:$PATH
```

You can open `.bashrc` in terminal by running:

```bash
nano ~/.bashrc
# ~/ being the implicit path for
# your home folder
```

> For example, to add the directory `/usr/sbin`, the following would be used:

Reviewer 2: we should explain what this command does. it pre-pends a new path to the previous one?

Author: yes. we explain how it works 2 insights before this
